Added changelog for 1.6.0 version (#821)
heremaps/here-olp-sdk-cpp: CHANGELOG.md

* Completed the network statistics implementation. It's available in `Network::GetStatistics`. Now, you can get accumulated statistics on how many bytes are processed during each operation.
* Added the missing `CORE_API` export macros.
* Updated various classes according to the Google coding style.
* Added information on backward compatibility.
* Fixed various compiler warnings.
* Minor documentation changes.
* Fixed the Android bug that made network responses incomplete.

**olp-cpp-sdk-authentication**

* Added the `use_system_time` flag to `olp::authentication::Settings`. You can use it when retrieving tokens to tell `olp::authentication::TokenProvider` to work with the system time instead of the server time.
* Added the `olp::authentication::AuthenticationClient::Authorize` method. You can use it to collect all permissions associated with the authenticated user or application.
* `olp::authentication::TokenProvider` now uses the pimpl idiom. Now, when you copy an instance of this class, it does not create a new request.
* Deprecated the `olp::authentication:AutoRefreshingToken` class. It will be removed by 10.2020.

> * **Breaking Change** Removed the deprecated constructor of the `AuthenticationClient` class and the following deprecated methods: `SetNetworkProxySettings`, `SetNetwork`, `SetTaskScheduler`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Breaking Change** Removed the deprecated constructor of the `AuthenticationClient` class and the following deprecated methods: `SetNetworkProxySettings`, `SetNetwork`, and `SetTaskScheduler`.
```

## v1.6.0 (04/01/2020)

**Common**

* Added LRU functionality to mutable disk cache. LRU is enabled by default, could be disable with `eviction_policy` in `CacheSettings`.
* Completed network statistics implementation. It's available via `Network::GetStatistics`. Now, you can have accumulated statistics of how many bytes sent/received/etc.
* Added missing CORE_API export macros.
* Various classes adapted to google coding style
* Added information on backward compatibility.
* Fixed various compiler warnings.
* Minor documentation changes.
* Fixed Android bug, that cause network responses to be incomplete.

**olp-cpp-sdk-authentication**

* Added a new `use_system_time` flag to `olp::authentication::Settings`. You can use it to tell the `olp::authentication::TokenProvider` to work with system time instead of server time when retrieving tokens.
* Added a new `olp::authentication::AuthenticationClient::Authorize` method. You can use it to collects all permissions associated with the authenticated user or application.

> * `olp::authentication::TokenProvider` now uses pimpl idiom. It fixes the issue with copying it around.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `olp::authentication::TokenProvider` now uses the pimpl idiom. Now, when you copy an instance of this class, it does not create a new request.
```

* Deprecated the `olp::authentication:AutoRefreshingToken` class. It will be removed by 10.2020.
* **Breaking Change** Removed the deprecated constructor for `AuthenticationClient` class, deprecated methods `SetNetworkProxySettings`, `SetNetwork`, `SetTaskScheduler`. Use a new constructor.

> * The deprecation of the `olp::authentication::TokenEndpoint` class is extended until 10.2020.
> * The deprecation of the `olp::authentication::TokenRequest` class is extended until 10.2020.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The deprecation of the `olp::authentication::TokenEndpoint` and `olp::authentication::TokenRequest` classes is extended until 10.2020.
```
